Update index.md (#4337)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/index.md

## What is lakeFS
{: .no_toc }

lakeFS brings software engineering best practices and applies them to data engineering. 
Concepts such as Dev/Test environments and CI/CD are harder to implement in data engineering, since the data, and not just the code, should be managed.
lakeFS provides version control over the data lake, and uses git-like semantics to create and access those versions, so every engineer feels at home with lakeFS in a few minutes. 

> Once you set up lakeFS, you can use concepts such as ״branch״ to create an isolated version of the data, ״commit״, to create a reproducible point it time, and “merge” in order to incorporate your changes in one atomic action.

Reviewer: Consider:
```suggestion
With lakeFS, you can use concepts such as ״branch״ to create an isolated version of the data, ״commit״, to create a reproducible point it time, and “merge” in order to incorporate your changes in one atomic action.
```

"Once you set up" sounds to me like a lot of work...

lakeFS is an open source project that supports managing data in  AWS S3, Azure Blob Storage, Google Cloud Storage (GCS) and any other object storage with an S3 interface. It integrates seamlessly with popular data frameworks such as Spark, Hive Metastore, dbt, Trino, Presto, and many others and even features an S3 compatibility layer.

> lakeFS’ vision is to bring this functionality across all the data sources in your data pipelines, from analytics databases to key value stores - and to allow one system from which you can easily manage the underlying data in all data stores, with atomic git-like actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vision of lakeFS is bringing this functionality across all the data sources in your data pipelines, from analytics databases to key value stores - and to allow one system from which you can easily manage the underlying data in all data stores, with atomic git-like actions.
```
